is Ralph Irvin in San Bernadino calcine
Bernardino home of the UCLA 2012 fall
training camp and here with defensive
backs coach - Beatrice Martin coach
thanks for joining me what do you think
about this heat and how the players are
reacting - I love it the guys are
fighting through it it's all in
preparation to get us ready for this
first game and build team unity and all
the good things that Coach Moore wanted
Express is all coming together I mean
you see the guys growing as a family
playing games together chopping it up
all that good stuff so it's very
exciting to see it all all mature and
it's real easy for someone to look at
the practice and see guys maybe go down
with cramps and say well gee they're
missing out on practice time but the
reality is that teaches them a lesson so
they don't go down with cramps during
game time yeah no doubt it's always
better to have those type of injuries
now than later on in the season there's
never a good time to have any injuries
but those type of things right now as
far as teaching them how to hydrate
stretch correctly heat to correct foods
and stuff those are the type of things
that carry you through a season now I
know you have a lot of youngsters in
that defensive backfield how's that
going meshing them with some of the
veterans well actually it's been pretty
good because all the veterans I've taken
a coaching type of role and they're
trying to bring those guys up to speed
because they've bought into the - the
thought of hey if the better these guys
are the better it's gonna make me to
keep my position so they're coaching
them up with all the different
terminology the scheme there's
techniques all the different things that
they need to know that they're doing
they're helping out with those guys so
I'm actually pretty pretty pretty happy
with the with the young guys because
they're be there they're looking like
they're gonna be able to add a lot of
depth and you don't just get help from
the players though because the big head
man he knows a little thing or two about
defensive backfield play I know he comes
out and gives his two cents and shares a
little insight oh no doubt you know I'm
always still in nuggets from him out his
back pocket I'm always pulling on his
coattail coach what about this what do
you think about this route or this route
concept how should we play this how she
looks and he's awesome with I mean he
knows that stuff like the back of his
hand so you know I'm I'm really reaching
in his back pocket and instilling all
the knowledge I can steal from him and
obviously the guys you know they respect
all the defensive backs that he's
coached before and you know I mean he
knows his stuff
I mean
without being say it look at all the Pro
Bowlers and different guys as he's coach
and last thing of some of the young guys
is there anybody that's really starting
to step out or our guys really starting
to show themselves like hey I'm gonna be
a factor this year
well what today being the first day of
some kind of up-tempo type of contact
with being in shelves and stuff like
that I mean I think three guys are
probably sticking out on I shouldn't
just limit the number but tether ligase
I showed up some good plays a day
Rendell go forth you know Adams I mean
those guys have stepped up and they're
doing some things and along obviously
Marcus Rios also so we got four guys
right there just named off the top of my
head that's that's pretty impressive so
far and there's still plenty of time to
impress you guys and make it making us
name for themselves yes no doubt no
doubt so I'm excited to to when we get
in to get closer to game preparation we
can see how to dust settles and and who
what cream is rising to the top all
right coach well thanks for the time and
we'll see you out here at camp again
yeah no doubt thanks for having me all
right that's UCLA defensive back coach
Demetrios Martin of course the Bruins
continue training camp here at Cal State
San Bernardino and of course you get the
best of coverage of it right here UCLA
Bruins calm